---
layout: post
title: 2019 Centurion-KnightKrawler Week Zero
date: 2018-12-08
permalink: /2019-week-zero/
---

FIRST Robotics Teams 2052 (KnightKrawler) and 2472 (Centurions) are once again hosting a week zero event!
#### [*WATCH US ONLINE*{: style="color: blue"}](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnFHi53llRg)

We have built the team version of the field, which is constructed primarily out of wood, and will be running a full day mock competition. These matches are intended to provide teams an opportunity to see how their robot interacts with field elements and other robots. Aggressive play (including robot-to-robot contact) is not allowed without prior consent from the other teams in your match. Climbing (if applicable) may not be allowed on the field. There will be no set match schedule; teams will sign up for play slots on the fly. We will make every effort to give each team equal play time.

We will offer unofficial robot inspections by trained inspectors (including a trained Lead Robot Inspector) and matches will be run by a trained FTA. We will also have a number of other trained volunteers present, including a game announcer! There will be no referees at the event, and we will not be tracking scoring.

**When:** Saturday February 16, 2019

**Who:** Any FRC Team (maximum 30 teams)

**Where:** Centennial High School – 4757 North Road, Circle Pines, MN 55014.

**Contact:** Email us at weekzero@team2052.com

**Cost:** $150 Per Team to be paid in advance.
Checks should be made payable to KnightKrawler Robotics and can be mailed to:

KnightKrawler Robotics
PO Box 120905
Saint Paul, MN 55112

**New this year!** All teams are also eligible for a $10 discount on their registration fee if they donate a team swag basket for our raffle that contains at least one team T-shirt.  

**Field element auction:** Some field elements may be available for auction. Highest bidders will go home with extra loading/scoring elements. Silent Auction bidding sheet will be available at the raffle table. Proceeds help to fund field construction.

#### [*Register Here*{: style="color: blue"}](https://goo.gl/forms/g872Zhmmh6fugTHn1)

After completing the registration form, you will receive a confirmation email from Team 2052.

## Lunch
Lunch information will be coming soon.

Concessions will be available throughout the day.

## Game elements
Once the 2019 game is announced we will post information on how we will be acquiring and using game elements at the event.

## Schedule (tentative)
This schedule is subject to change. We will announce a final schedule in the weeks leading up to the event.

**8:00am** – Pits open

**8:45am** – Driver’s meeting on the field

**9:00am** – Field opens for play

**4:00pm** – Field closes
